0.6.0 / 14.12.2022
==================

* Moved latest comments from `thread.comments` to `thread.latestComments`.

0.5.0 / 12.09.2022
==================

* Changed package exports to "ES Modules".

* Refactored some code.

* Added some new features.

* Renamed `isArchived` parameter of `getThread()` to `archived`.

* Renamed some properties of `Thread`:
  * `isSticky` → `onTop`, with an optional `onTopOrder: number` (ex. `makaba` engine)
  * `isRolling` → `trimming`
  * `isArchived` → `archived`
  * `isLocked` → `locked`
  * `isBumpLimitReached` → `bumpLimitReached`
  * `isAttachmentLimitReached` → `attachmentLimitReached`

* Renamed some properties of `Board`:
  * `areSubjectsAllowed` → `features.subject`
  * `areAttachmentsAllowed` → `features.attachments`
  * `areTagsAllowed` → `features.tags`
  * `hasVoting` → `features.votes`
  * `isSageAllowed` → `features.sage`
  * `areNamesAllowed` → `features.authorName`
  * `isTextOnly: true` → `features.attachments: false`
  * `forceAnonymity: true` → `features.authorName: false`
  * `isNotSafeForWork` → `notSafeForWork`
  * `usesShiftJISArt` → `features.shiftJISArt`
  * `usesCodeTags` → `features.codeTag`
  * `usesOekaki` → `features.oekaki`
  * `usesMath` → `features.math`

* Renamed some properties of `Comment`:
	* `isThreadAuthor` → `authorIsThreadAuthor`
	* `isSage` → `sage`

0.4.38 / 16.05.2021
==================

* `commentsCount` and `attachmentsCount` now include the "original" ("opening" / "main") comment of a thread.

* Added `withLatestComments` and `maxLatestCommentsPages` options to `getThreads()`.

* Added a "get boards list" API method on `lynxchan`.

* Added `lynxchan` API description.

0.4.37 / 04.05.2021
==================

* Updated `makaba` engine: new voting API response.

* Updated `4chan` engine to use the new ["Board Flags"](https://github.com/4chan/4chan-API/commit/d095a7af76d0a5a48e3008fb9a05e5b3bbb6c2bb) feature.

* Updated engine docs: `4chan`, `makaba`.

* Refactored voting API code.

* Added some basic posting API code (not tested).

0.4.35 / 08.04.2021
==================

* Added archived thread support in `makaba` engine.

* (miscellaneous) (advanced) The `request()` function, when throwing an error, should set the `.status` property of that error to the HTTP Response status code. The rationale is that the error status code is compared to `404` in `makaba` engine during `getThread()` call to determine whether it should look for the thread in the archive.

0.4.22 / 08.08.2020
==================

* Added `generatedQuoteNewLineCharacterLength: number?` option.

0.4.21 / 06.08.2020
==================

* Renamed `setInReplyToQuotes` to `setPostLinkQuotes`.

0.4.20 / 05.08.2020
==================

* Fixed `lynxchan` bug: `file.originalName` isn't present in `catalog.json` API response.

0.4.19 / 05.08.2020
==================

* Fixed `makaba` voting API url.

0.4.18 / 23.03.2020
==================

* Fixed LynxChan parser replacing all `\n`-s with `<br>`s in `<code>` and `<span class="aa">`.

* Fixed Kohlchan multiline `<code>`.

0.4.17 / 22.03.2020
==================

* Fixed LynxChan 2.3 replacing all `<br>`s with `\n`-s.

0.4.0 / 27.12.2019
==================

* Removed exports: `generateQuotes()`, `generatePreview()`, `generateThreadTitle()`, `setInReplyToQuotes()`.

* Added `addParseContent: boolean` option.

0.3.0 / 16.12.2019
==================

* (breaking change) Changed `request()` arguments. Previous: `request(method, url, data)`. New: `request(method, url, { body, headers })`.

0.2.0 / 10.12.2019
==================

* (breaking change) Renamed `commentAttachmentsCount` -> `attachmentsCount`: now it's supposed to include the "opening post" attachments too.

* `expandReplies: true` option now also transforms `comment.inReplyTo[]` from a list of comment ids to a list of comments.

0.1.10 / 01.12.2019
===================

* Added ["verified"](https://github.com/4chan/4chan-API/issues/76) capcode halding on `4chan.org` via the new `authorVerified: boolean?` property of a comment.

0.1.8 / 03.10.2019
===================

* (small breaking change) Renamed `authorRoleDomain` to `authorRoleScope`.

* Moved role `capcode`s to chan config files.

0.1.6 / 30.09.2019
===================

* (small breaking change) The format of `messages` changed: it now has two child objects — `comment` and `contentType`. See the README.

0.1.5 / 29.09.2019
===================

* (breaking change) `commentUrlParser` setting of an imageboard `*.json` file replaced with `commentUrl` template having `{boardId}`, `{threadId}` and `{commentId}`.

0.1.4 / 29.09.2019
===================

* If `post-link`'s `content` is autogenerated then it contains `quote`s. Previously those quotes weren't separated by `\n`s. Now they are.

0.1.3 / 29.09.2019
===================

* `quoteAutogenerated: boolean` flag of `type: "post-link"` content block was replaced with `generated: boolean` flag on each `type: "quote"` of `type: "post-link"` block's `content`.

* Renamed `skipAutogeneratedPostQuotes: boolean` option of `getCommentText()` to `skipGeneratedPostQuotes: boolean`.

0.1.0 / 25.09.2019
===================

* Initial release.
